okay guys I've rewired up the ignition
switch on my Volkswagen right now so I
thought I'd take a video to show you
basically what happened was up
underneath the column up underneath here
there's a cylinder that goes all the way
through that that this key feeds into
one side on the other side is the
ignition switch and in the middle in
that mechanism there's a little button
thing that sticks in the addition switch
well that thing broke off so I have to
replace the entire housing that houses
all this stuff which is a pain and so
rather than that I chose to reroute the
ignition on my Volkswagen you still need
the key in it as of right now I might do
something about that later because this
thing has an RFID reader this little
ring right here and there's an RFID tag
in the tee so there is another security
mechanism and also it unlocks a steering
wheel but the symptoms on mine were
wouldn't you turn it to the ignition it
does not push itself back there's no
spring loaded here it goes all the way
doesn't come back and so it ought to
come back to a position about like that
and it doesn't so still need the key in
however all the ignition ignored my lack
of radio I'm going to get myself a new
radio ignition is up underneath here
this is the on switch to the car I'm
zooming in there this is the on switch
of the car this turns on all your
accessories in your radio and everything
and then this is an actual push-button
ignition for the vehicle this one won't
work until you've got this one on so
clutch in here and let's fire this up
and see how it goes
key in
everything's on and here we go and we're
up and running
I don't know if you can hear that on my
phone or not pretty dang cool to turn it
off you just flip off the switch right
here and you've probably heard the door
locks unlock there too it controls the
key in and all the other stuff so